analytics add algorithm (#1664)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/graph-computing/algorithm-description.md

    |`VID`|Determined by `vid_type`| The vertex ID.|
    |`LABEL`|The same with `VID`| Outputs the vertex IDs that have the same label.|

### InfoMap

> The InfoMap algorithm uses double encoding to classify directed graph into communities. The encoding reuse of nodes in different communities can greatly shorten the length of description information. In terms of implementation, the algorithm includes PageRank algorithm, which is used to convert a random walk into a random surf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The InfoMap algorithm uses double encoding to classify directed graphs into communities. The encoding reuse of nodes in different communities can greatly shorten the length of description information. In terms of implementation, the algorithm includes the PageRank algorithm, which converts a random walk into a random surf.
```

!!! note

    This algorithm is supported by NebulaGraph Analytics only.

- NebulaGraph Analytics

  - Input parameters

    |Parameter|Predefined value|Description|
    |:--|:--|:--|
    |`pagerank_iter`|`10`| The maximum number of iterations of the internal PageRank algorithm.|

>     |`pagerank_threshold`|`0.0001`| The convergence accuracy of internal PageRank algorithm.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |`pagerank_threshold`|`0.0001`| The convergence accuracy of the internal PageRank algorithm.|
```

  - Output parameters
    Output multiple columns where vertices in the same column are associated.

### Tree_stat

> The Tree_stat algorithm counts the width or depth of a subgraph that specifies the root vertex.

Reviewer: a subgraph with a specified root vertex?
